Full job description
SapphireK12 is a leader in providing enterprise level administrative software to the K-12 education community. Our award winning company continues to expand, and we are currently seeking an experienced Automation QA Lead to join our Product Team.

If you are interested in joining an exciting, innovative team committed to delivering superior software for K-12 educators, and want to make a positive impact on students lives, this role is for you. We want fun, energetic and inventive professionals that aspire to become part of our fast-growing organization.

The Automation QA Lead will oversee software quality by designing, implementing, and maintaining automated test scripts, and acting as a bridge between technical execution and strategic planning.

Automation QA Lead responsibilities include:

Develop and maintain automation test plans and automation strategies.
Communicate feature interaction problems, track defects and verify fixes.
Proficiency in (Java, Python and Java Script)
Experience in utilizing frameworks such as Cypress and Selenium.
Create detailed, clear and well-structured test plans, execute test cases and test scripts on multiple projects of varying sizes.
Apply repetitive testing of functions within various browsers and/or devices
Coaching and mentoring QA engineers and software testers.
Create appropriate SOP's and support documentation.
Work collaboratively with other departments.
Requirements for this position include:

Demonstrated track record of innovative thinking, technical mastery and peer guidance
Ability to consistently create and drive the automated testing process
Ability and willingness to learn new technologies
Superior analytical, strategic and problem-solving capabilities
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
Proficient communication and interpersonal abilities to communicate effectively across departments
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
Demonstrated knowledge of the following technologies: Selenium, Cucumber, Java
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in automated testing environment
Agile Testing Automation Certification a plus
Located in Allentown, PA our offices embrace a unique team that delivers and supports the largest best in class integrated software solution for the K-12 industry. We are looking for new team members who are interested in a long-term career, not just a job. The company continues to grow and serves clients in the Northeast US.

We offer competitive market salaries, have an extremely generous medical, dental, vision, short-term disability benefits package that is uncommon in the marketplace today. We offer training opportunities when they are available and applicable.

So, if you are looking for a growing company, that truly cares about it's employees and are eager to bring innovation to a workplace, then apply for this job!
